Game engine
	[DONE] player development/decay
		[DONE] make players who have played a game this week develop more. players who have not played should receive a small debuff in development. similarly, not playing should negatively affect players who are decaying
		[DONE] make players start decaying in different ages. i think now they all decay in the same age. when a player is "born"/generated, we should randomly set a decay age (normal curve of probability around the current age of decay). what is the current age of decay? let's do like 30 years but -4 to +4 within the normal curve
	[PLANNED] inter-seasons should be carefully calculated when defining the match schedule. ex: we have 8 teams per group, so it's 14 games or 28 days (considering games every other day). most Februarys have exactly 28 days, so we need to plan January and March so that the inter-season leaves at least 1-2 days between last Feb game and first Mar game or last Jan game and first Feb game. all months should be distributed in such a way that we have a little breathing room like that. should we consider making seasons longer, like 45 days and increase each group to 10? maybe keep as is but add a hard 7 days inter-season pause? so we are not following months exactly, we have our own calendar (37 days or so)
	create a pro type of account with some benefits (not pay-to-win)
		admins have cumulative permissions (pro + admin)
	[PLANNED] plan a stamina system - players getting tired during the game and stamina changes have real effects in the match itself. maybe a logarithmic curve for stamina depletion per age?; stamina should recover as players do not play matches (off days or match days when they do not play, due to not being selected for the squad or being on the bench and not getting called into the pitch). i would like stamina regen to be a bit slower than expenditure, meaning a player that plays 3-4 full games in a row needs to sit out for a game to rest fully. if old player, maybe make this 2-3. if young, make this around. this needs to scale with season length
	[PLANNED] how are the injuries happening? we need to think of a statistical model to model injuries
		[PLANNED] how does training/improvement work? check. add very low chance of getting injured training. rare enough that we will have 1-2 players per season
		[PLANNED] injuries can set back a player's skills (make it rare, logarithmic probability)
		[PLANNED] model the severity of the injury (aka recovery time); has to scale with season length variables as well. younger players' injuries will generally be less severy, but not drastically
		[PLANNED] the match simulator engine should incorporate the possibility of injuries (the more tired a player is, the more likely he is to become injured but does not affect severity). do we need to collect real injury data to tune coefficients?
	users need to be allowed to create presets of conditions for auto-subs or tactic changes to kick off automatically if they are not going to be watching/controlling the game
		pro users can save one preset per tactic. regular users can only save one preset for one tactic
	the match simulator should calculate extra time based on events but within a certain range 1-7 minutes
	implement:
		AI substitutions in matches
		extra time (calculated by events in the match, not too much time)
		match start coin toss (currently, home team always starts with the ball); possession to team who loss coin tosse after half-time
		MP_CONFIG constant should be configurable in game.config.jsonc (initially 30 min); there should also be a half-time pause setting for real-life pause time (only when a human team is involved) (initially 5 min, real-life). keep instant matches instant (AI vs AI, test matches)
	player stats and history (goals in the carrer, yellow and red cards, injuries, etc.)
		only pro users can see history of other user's players
		during auctions, everyone can see full history of the player in the auction

Multiplayer
	[DONE] think of tournment structure
	players create teams, choose team color, jerseys, country, stadium name, etc.
		allow players to customize team logo, jersey, etc. (pro players will be able to upload a custom logo)
	[DONE] initial player names for that team should match the chosen country, same as youth-generated players
	push notifications for match started and match ended
		pros can see match goals and other events and also get their league results as push
	invite players should give some in-game advantage or give free pro
	[DONE] let people select time zone upon account creation. pair them with people from similar timezones when forming leagues
		[DONE] spawn small leagues; human players automatically promoted over AI teams
	[PLANNED] implement and ello system, only pvp matches matter. for now, ello won't affect anything and will be internal only
	[PLANNED] check promotion rules - edge cases, how to choose best 2nds to promote
	[PLANNED] re-shuffle teams with same division based on region grouping (least timezone difference), after promotions/relegations and removals of inactive/possibly groups are processed
	[PLANNED] how are players ranked right now for the purpose of standings and relegation/promotion? what are the criteria? we should add elo as last criteria (though hidden)
	[PLANNED] allow players to add friends. we will prioritize friends when creating the division groups (ie. same division (must) > friends (new) > least timezone difference > elo spreadout)

UI:
	[DONE, needs improvement] Implement a screen to see the match happening (based on globoesporte?)
	pro users can nickname players. nicknames are seen by everyone else as well
	implement creation of club jersey. copy from: https://league-builder.app/kit-lab (you can copy the assets needed as well); then, in the live match UI, use the appropriate jerseys instead of the circles
	modify the tactics screen. I want something that looks like this: https://league-builder.app/lineup-creator

Economy:
	[DONE] also make sure loans and sales between players are fair and balanced (no double account). use ebay-like bidding (max bid, bid deadline increases when someone bids in the last few minutes)
	[DONE] prevent people from creating a new disposeable team and ripping that team off in favor of their main team (prevent this through the bidding mechanism somehow, we can't guarante we'll be able to stop multiple accs)
	plan a stadium system (attendance and income tied to fan confidence); stadium upgrades are expensive and have diminishing returns; you only have income from stadium when you play at home. important games have higher attendance (define what important means). stadium has upkeep
	[DONE] plan formula for newgens (expected starting squad quality for a Division 1 club)
	implement a logic so that, if free agents are unclaimed for too long (configurable amount of days), they are deleted
	think of a way to prevent frustrating experience of being promoted and relegated again every season
	[DONE] what does a player salary depend on? does it increase overtime or as they win prizes, etc.? do they demand higher wages when contracts renew?
	[DONE] how are contract renewals processed?
	[DONE] does the release clause adjust proportionally to the lenght of the contract? in real life, it is usually 1/2 of the wages they would receive until end of contract

Multiplayer:
	[DONE] how do we structure leagues/cups when players are coming/dropping? i thought of a seasons system, where a season is roughly a month in real life (with matches every other day or so). but i want some cups and periodically world cups with best teams from multiple leagues
	[DONE] how can we replace teams whose players are inactive/dropped? do we even need to do that? study how other games like Hattrick solve for that?
	[DONE] how many teams per league so that a season will take around 1 month with a game every other day?
	[DONE] does it make sense for the generated (initial) players to be better at each division? what formula should we use? i want there to be some individual luck upon each player, so that there are outliers even in lower divisions, but the overall should match that division's power so that a new team is not too strong or too bad for that division. should we use an exponential decay formula like the budget one? maybe we should just keep new teams with the same "power", no matter what division they spawn in and consider that power level will self-balance as teams go up/down divisions naturally
		should we allow teams to upgrade their youth training centers so that they produce better and better players? upgrading must have diminishing returns - each upgrade makes less difference and is more expensive. i want people to play many seasons looking to improve their youth squad, this should not be easy to achieve. at the same time, someone wiht a maxed out one shouldn't always produce wonder players (like 17 yo, 90 overall). this should still be extremely rare. we should have a normal curve and the center of the normal slides depending on the level of the youth academy

Technical/housekeeping:
	create an admin screen where admins can see the trees of divisions, which teams are in each one, standings, fixtures, etc.
		implement full visibility to admin of what is scheduled to happen in each "tick". allow admin to trigger any scheduled event ahead of time (immediately), for testing purposes
	remove stadium, remove fan support level
	migrate DB to postgresql (192.168.0.35, db: footmania, schema: development, user: footmania_dev, pass: df9fa7d6037c4948ba55a4ae98cba6e78a7f813fea20d577)
	when a human player takes place of an AI team, we need to remove their existing bids and also the players they put up for bid. if someone has bid on them, they win automatically and get the player. the reason is that all other players from that AI team will be destroyed for the insertion of the new team
	confirm assumption that, per definition of business rules, there can be no more than 7 AI teams at any given time. consider not allowing them to trade players (sell, bid, loan) and not allow players to interact with them in such a way, to simplify our logic considerably. the idea is to make AI teams just temporary fillers - they have a roster that won't ever change, since they are ephemeral (1 season or less) anyway

Tuning:
	validate game engine, loan rules, economy, etc. and see if the game is fair and balanced, look for player exploits that need to be patched. also check if the economy is broken or can cause too much infaltion overtime
	run monte carlo simulations of multiple:
		matches with teams with varied skills/overals/divisions, etc. and propose tuning suggestions to match simulator and the related variables. but first, identify the parameters that matter, then look for real-life benchmarks and let's tune in pursuit of those benchmarks
		seasons and propose tuning suggestions to the economy variables or formulas
		player auctions, loans, promotions, etc. and propose tuning suggestions to the economy variables or formulas
		players being generated in main squad, youth squad and simulate growth/decay for a large number of players and propose tuning suggestions to related variables or formulas

Documentation:
	based on the plans, come up with a topic structure for a business rules document (all the important rules, algorithms and formulas in the system, what they mean and how they are calculated)